README.md, before:

# **Setup Instructions: Install Miniconda**

For this project, we use the Conda package manager to manage dependencies. Follow the instructions below to install Miniconda for your operating system.

---

## **Windows Installation**
1. Open a command prompt (`cmd`).
2. Run the following commands to quickly and silently install Miniconda:
   ```cmd
   curl https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Windows-x86_64.exe -o miniconda.exe
   start /wait "" .\miniconda.exe /S
   del miniconda.exe
    ```
3. Close the command prompt.

---

## **MacOS Installation**
1. Open a terminal.
2. Run the following commands to quickly and silently install Miniconda:
   ```bash
   mkdir -p ~/miniconda3
   curl https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-MacOSX-x86_64.sh -o ~/miniconda3/miniconda.sh
   bash ~/miniconda3/miniconda.sh -b -u -p ~/miniconda3
   rm ~/miniconda3/miniconda.sh
   ```
3. After installing, close and reopen your terminal application or refresh it by running the following command:
   ```bash
   source ~/miniconda3/bin/activate
   conda init --all
   ```

---

## **Linux Installation**
1. Open a terminal.
2. Run the following commands to quickly and silently install Miniconda:
   ```bash
   mkdir -p ~/miniconda3
   wget https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh -O ~/miniconda3/miniconda.sh
   bash ~/miniconda3/miniconda.sh -b -u -p ~/miniconda3
   rm ~/miniconda3/miniconda.sh
   ```
3. After installing, close and reopen your terminal application or refresh it by running the following command:
   ```bash
    source ~/miniconda3/bin/activate
    conda init --all
    ```


## **Setting Up the Environment**

We use `conda` to manage the Python environment for this project.

### **1. Create the Environment**
Run the following command in the project directory:
```bash
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

### **2. Activate the Environment**
Run the following command:
```bash
conda activate tensorflow
```

### **3. Deactivate the Environment**
Run the following command:
```bash
conda deactivate
```

### **4. Run the Jupyter Notebook**
Run the following command:
```bash
jupyter notebook
```

### **5. Remove the Environment**
After completing the project, you can remove the environment by running the following command:
```bash
conda env remove -n tensorflow
```

Commit message:

Rename TensorFlow environment to ML and update README instructions

README.md, after:

# **Setup Instructions: Install Miniconda**

For this project, we use the Conda package manager to manage dependencies. Follow the instructions below to install Miniconda for your operating system.

---

## **Windows Installation**
1. Open a command prompt (`cmd`).
2. Run the following commands to quickly and silently install Miniconda:
   ```cmd
   curl https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Windows-x86_64.exe -o miniconda.exe
   start /wait "" .\miniconda.exe /S
   del miniconda.exe
    ```
3. Close the command prompt.

---

## **MacOS Installation**
1. Open a terminal.
2. Run the following commands to quickly and silently install Miniconda:
   ```bash
   mkdir -p ~/miniconda3
   curl https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-MacOSX-x86_64.sh -o ~/miniconda3/miniconda.sh
   bash ~/miniconda3/miniconda.sh -b -u -p ~/miniconda3
   rm ~/miniconda3/miniconda.sh
   ```
3. After installing, close and reopen your terminal application or refresh it by running the following command:
   ```bash
   source ~/miniconda3/bin/activate
   conda init --all
   ```

---

## **Linux Installation**
1. Open a terminal.
2. Run the following commands to quickly and silently install Miniconda:
   ```bash
   mkdir -p ~/miniconda3
   wget https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh -O ~/miniconda3/miniconda.sh
   bash ~/miniconda3/miniconda.sh -b -u -p ~/miniconda3
   rm ~/miniconda3/miniconda.sh
   ```
3. After installing, close and reopen your terminal application or refresh it by running the following command:
   ```bash
    source ~/miniconda3/bin/activate
    conda init --all
    ```


## **Setting Up the Environment**

We use `conda` to manage the Python environment for this project.

### **1. Create the Environment**
Run the following command in the project directory:
```bash
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

### **2. Activate the Environment**
Run the following command:
```bash
conda activate ml
```

### **3. Deactivate the Environment**
Run the following command:
```bash
conda deactivate
```

### **4. Remove the Environment**
After completing the project, you can remove the environment by running the following command:
```bash
conda env remove -n ml
```

*Note: The environment name is `ml`. You can change it by modifying the `name` field in the `environment.yml` file.*
